[JavaScript] Improve Concept Exercise: strings (#1381)
exercism/v3: languages/javascript/exercises/concept/strings/.docs/instructions.md

### 4. Trim a sentence

> Improve the previous function so that it trims a sentence and returns the last character:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the previous function so that it removes whitespace from the end of a sentence and returns the last character:
```
